doc/README_TEMPLATE.md, before:

Project name
-

Third-party service badges (if available)
[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/fs/rails-base-api.png)](https://codeclimate.com/github/fs/rails-base-api)
[![Semaphore](https://semaphoreapp.com/api/v1/projects/0e00006725dcea00b179fab81a1b1bdaf9a64816/106819/shields_badge.png)](https://semaphoreapp.com/fs/rails-base-api)

Project description.

Dependencies
-

Information about external dependencies (redis, mongo, postgres, etc) and how you can obtain them (via homebrew, apt-get or from ftp).

Information about ruby and rails versions.

- PostgreSQL 9.3.1
  - `brew install postgres`
- Ruby 2.1.0
  - `rbenv install 2.1.0`
- Rails 4

Quick Start
-

Clone this repo:

```
git clone git@github.com:account/repo.git
cd repo
```

Run setup script

```
bin/setup
```

Initializers
-

* `01_config.rb` - shortcut for getting application config with `app_config`
* `mailer.rb` - setup default hosts for mailer from configuration
* `requires.rb` - automatically requires everything in lib/ & lib/extensions

Scripts
-

* `bin/setup` - setup required gems and migrate db if needed
* `bin/quality` - run brakeman and rails_best_practices for the app
* `bin/ci` - should be used in the CI to run specs

Documentation & Examples
-

Where is documentation and examples (e.g. `./docs`)?

Continuous Integration
-

CI service info and status (if available).
Add a link to a project page on [Semaphore](http://semaphoreapp.com).

Staging
-

Location and other info about staging servers.

Production
-

Location and other info about production servers.

Third-party services
-

Code Climate, etc

Workflow
-

Information about base branch, branch naming, commit messages, specs and pull requests. Check out our [guides](https://github.com/fs/guides/tree/master/development/maintain-existing-project/workflow).

Commit message:

Add JWT (#235)
* Implement JSON API

* Update Ruby to 2.5.1
* Replace factory_girl -> factory_bot
* Add JWT
* Generate markdown API docs only
* Errors refactor
* Update README and remove unused gems

* Remove securerandom

* Remove yarn bin

* Filter :token in logs

* Rename factory_bot for generators

* Do not wrap params for json

* Set TargetRubyVersion 2.5 for Rubocop

* Remove unsed bin/update

* Remove unsed application_controller_renderer.rb initializer

* Restore locales

* Restore secrets

* Remove DatabseCleaner

After upgrading rails to version 5, database_cleaner became redundant

* https://github.com/teamcapybara/capybara#transactions-and-database-setup
* https://github.com/thoughtbot/suspenders/commit/44e984fdc2bf5cae2b7d646fe05690225cf1070a

* expect response body in specs

* remove interactor examples

* Upgrade gems

* Upgrade gems

* Update readme and docs

* Add Raddocs gem

* Fix typo, update readme and docs

* Return JWT token as object

* Add error model

* Update documentation

* Change error model

* Update documentation

* Remove null attributes remover

* Apply review comments

* Code fixes

doc/README_TEMPLATE.md, after:

Project name
-

Third-party service badges (if available)
[![Semaphore](https://semaphoreapp.com/api/v1/projects/0e00006725dcea00b179fab81a1b1bdaf9a64816/106819/shields_badge.png)](https://semaphoreapp.com/fs/rails-base-api)

Project description.

Dependencies
-

Information about external dependencies (redis, mongo, postgres, etc) and how you can obtain them (via homebrew, apt-get or from ftp).

Information about ruby and rails versions.

- PostgreSQL 10.6
  - `brew install postgres`
- Ruby 2.5.1
  - `rbenv install 2.5.1`
- Rails 5

Quick Start
-

Clone this repo:

```
git clone git@github.com:account/repo.git
cd repo
```

Run setup script

```
bin/setup
```

Scripts
-

* `bin/setup` - setup required gems and migrate db if needed
* `bin/quality` - runs rubocop, brakeman, rails_best_practices and bundle-audit for the app
* `bin/ci` - should be used in the CI or locally
* `bin/server` - to run server locally
* `bin/doc` - should be used to generate API documentation

Documentation & Examples
-

Where is documentation and examples (e.g. `./docs`)?

Continuous Integration
-

CI service info and status (if available).
Add a link to a project page on [Semaphore](http://semaphoreapp.com).

Staging
-

Location and other info about staging servers.

Production
-

Location and other info about production servers.

Third-party services
-

Code Climate, etc

Workflow
-

Information about base branch, branch naming, commit messages, specs and pull requests. Check out our [guides](https://github.com/fs/guides/tree/master/development/maintain-existing-project/workflow).
